Hi, guys.
Welcome to the end of the course.
I hope that you've been through the whole course by now and that you've really enjoyed it and learned
loads.
Now, in terms of some advice for taking the exam, try to make sure you don't push your exam too early.
You need to go through the videos a couple of times each to make sure that you're really familiar with
the topics.
Also, go over the cheat sheets on our website or the downloadable PDA file.
Make sure you're familiar with those topics because they're all relevant for the exam.
And it's a great way to really sort of cram some of that information and make sure you remember it.
You can also go and check out the A.W. SFA cues as well for services where you think you need some extra
study.
I also highly recommend using practice tests, find some high quality practice exams and make sure that
you're familiar with the style of the exam.
You can go to a W.S. Doc training to book your exam and it will take you to Parametric or Pearson View
and you can book into a testing center or in some cases use an online proctored exam from there.
Now, always take your time on the exam.
Don't rush through.
But my recommendation is that the way you should take the exam is to try and answer questions as best
you can.
But don't spend too long on one question.
Time management is really important.
So what I recommend is if you're having difficulty, give it your best answer.
Market for review and carry on.
And then by the time you get to the end of the exam, you should have enough time left over to go back
and review those tricky questions.
Another piece of advice if you are taken exam in English, but English isn't your first language, you
can actually apply for an extension in the time.
So check that out when you're booking your exam.
So finally, I just want to say thank you again for taking this course.
And I really hope you enjoyed it.
And I wish you all the best for your exam.
I can't wait to hear about your success.